So that we can build
and use this custom JavaScript action.
To really finish it now,
I want to add an output to this action,
and I wanna dynamically generate this URL
of this website, so that we can visit this URL
right from this summary screen here on GitHub Actions.
Or, to be precise, ah when visiting this action.
There, I want to add an extra step
where I output that URL, so that I don't have to go
into my AWS account to get hold of that URL.
So, therefore, this action should generate an output,
this URL. And to do that, we first of all have
to register an output in action on the YAML.
Just as before for the custom composite action,
we do that by adding the outputs key.
And then, we add an output with any identifier
of our choice, like for example, website dash URL.
Now, this takes a description,
which is the URL of the deployed website, for example,
but it doesn't take anything else.
You don't add a value here.
We did that for the composite action
but we don't do it here.
The reason is that for the composite action
we had all the logic right here in this action YAML file
and we needed to tell GitHub where to get the value
for this output from.
With the custom JavaScript action, that's different.
We just registered this output
but we then set it from inside our code.
And here right after deploying this
instead of logging this dummy message here,
I will generate this URL instead
by adding a new constant name, the website URL.
And then again I'm using backticks
to build a string dynamically.
And here this is an HTTP colon slash slash
and then we inject the bucket name because
if you take a look at that URL, that is how it's built.
It's http then comes the bucket name then
dot S three slash website slash, and then the region.
And that's what we're going to build manually here.
So after the bucket name, we add dot S three website dash
and then we inject the bucket region and then thereafter
dot amazon aws dot com.
That's how this URL is built.
And with it being built, we can then use the core
package again, which we also used for getting the inputs to
set an output with set output.
And that's basically the equivalent to using set output
in the echo commands.
So that's the equivalent here.
And here we target this website URL output.
So I'm using this identifier here
as a first argument to set output.
And the second argument is the Value we wanna set.
And here that's that website URL.
And with that this GitHub action
will set an output return and output.
So to say that is the automatically generated URL
of the website that was deployed.
This output can now be used in the Workflow file
where I will simply add a new step after deploying the site
where I say output information as a name.
And then here I wanna run a command where I echo live URL.
And then here I use the GitHub expression syntax
for generating and injecting a dynamic value.
And here I wanna reach out to my steps context object
and then to the previous step.
And for that I'll add an id to it, which you
of course can do for steps with custom actions as well.
And I'll name it deploy, the id, of course is up to you.
And then here it's steps dot deploy dot outputs.
And this must be outputs here, but then your output name.
And in my case for this action
the output name is website dash URL.
So that is the output name we're accessing here.
And I'm simply outputting this here in my log.
And with that, we can create yet another commit
add an output, and push this.
And now the website should not just be built and deployed
but we should also get an extra log message
in the last step of the deployed job
which links us or which leads us to the deployed website.
So let's again wait for this to finish here.
Here we go, it did now finish, and now we got this output
information step where we output this URL
and which leads us to this website that was deployed.
And that's our custom JavaScript action
finished and shows you how you can build
and use such a custom JavaScript action.